Improved setup instructions. Fixes #111. (#337)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: setup.md

your access token.
{: .callout}

## Python 3 Distribution

To download the latest Python 3 distribution for your operating system,
please head to [Python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

If you are on Linux,
it is likely that the system Python 3 already installed will satisfy the requirements 
of this course (the material has been tested using the standard Python distribution version 3.11
but any [supported version](https://devguide.python.org/versions/#versions) should work).

> The course is using `venv` for virtual 
> environment management and `pip` for package management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The course uses `venv` for virtual environment management and `pip` for package management.
```
